Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,English
steelBarsVariantHelper,blocks,Variant,,,Steel Bars
ironBarsVariantHelper,blocks,Variant,,,Iron Bars
woodBarsVariantHelper,blocks,Variant,,,Wood Bars
steelBarsCentered,blocks,Block,,,Steel Bars Centered
steelBars,blocks,Block,,,Steel Bars
pouredConcreteWedgeNarrowHigh,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Wedge Narrow High
pouredConcreteWedgeNarrowMid,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Wedge Narrow Mid
pouredConcreteWedgeNarrowLow,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Wedge Narrow Low
pouredConcreteWedgeNarrowTip,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Wedge Narrow Tip
armorMilitarySetParts,items,Clothes,,,Parts of Military Armor
armorSteelSetParts,items,Clothes,,,Parts of Steel Armor
gunBowWoodenParts,items,GunBow,,,Parts of Bow / Crossbow
gunJunkTurretParts,items,GunJT,,,Parts of Junk Turret
gunAk47Parts,items,GunMG,,,Parts of Machine Gun
gunPistolParts,items,GunPistol,,,Parts of Handgun
gunHuntingRifleParts,items,GunRifle,,,Parts of Rifle
gunRocketLauncherParts,items,GunRocket,,,Parts of Rocket Launcher
gunDoubleBarrelShotgunParts,items,GunShotgun,,,Parts of Shotgun
meleeClubBaseballBatParts,items,Melee,,,Parts of Baseball Bat
meleeKnucklesSteelParts,items,Melee,,,Parts of Steel Knuckles
meleeStunBatonParts,items,Melee,,,Parts of Stun Baton
meleeThrownSpearSteelParts,items,Melee,,,Parts of Steel Spear
meleeToolKnifeMacheteParts,items,Melee,,,Parts of Machete
meleeToolSledgehammerSteelParts,items,Melee,,,Parts of Steel Sledgehammer
meleeToolAllSteelParts,items,Tool,,,Parts of Steel Tool
meleeToolChainsawParts,items,Tool,,,Parts of Motor Tool
resourceCoalBundle,items,Item,,,Coal (Stack of 6000)
resourceGunPowderBundle,items,Item,,,Gunpowder (Stack of 1000)
resourceLeadBundle,items,Item,,,Lead (Stack of 6000)
resourceLockPickBundle,items,Item,,,Lockpicks (Stack of 50)
resourceOilShaleBundle,items,Item,,,Oil Shale (Stack of 6000)
resourcePotassiumNitratePowderBundle,items,Item,,,Nitrate Powder (Stack of 6000)
resourceRockSmallBundle,items,Item,,,Small Stone (Stack of 6000)
resourceScrapIronBundle,items,Item,,,Iron (Stack of 6000)
resourceWoodBundle,items,Item,,,Wood (Stack of 6000)
ammoGasCanBundle,items,Item,,,Gas Cans (Stack of 10000)
steelWedgeTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Steel Wedge Tip Half 1
rConcreteWedgeTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Wedge Tip Half 1
pouredRConcreteWedgeTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Wedge Tip Half 1
concreteWedgeTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Wedge Tip Half 1
pouredConcreteWedgeTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Wet ConcreteWedge Tip Half 1
cobblestoneWedgeTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Wedge Tip Half 1
rwoodWedgeTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Wedge Tip Half 1
steelWedgeTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Steel Wedge Tip Half 2
rConcreteWedgeTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Wedge Tip Half 2
pouredRConcreteWedgeTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Wedge Tip Half 2
concreteWedgeTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Wedge Tip Half 2
pouredConcreteWedgeTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Wet ConcreteWedge Tip Half 2
cobblestoneWedgeTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Wedge Tip Half 2
rwoodWedgeTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Wedge Tip Half 2
steelRampInclineHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Steel Ramp Incline Half 1
rConcreteRampInclineHalf1,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Ramp Incline Half 1
pouredRConcreteRampInclineHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Ramp Incline Half 1
concreteRampInclineHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Ramp Incline Half 1
pouredConcreteRampInclineHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Ramp Incline Half 1
cobblestoneRampInclineHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Ramp Incline Half 1
rwoodRampInclineHalf1,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Ramp Incline Half 1
steelRampInclineHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Steel Ramp Incline Half 2
rConcreteRampInclineHalf2,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Ramp Incline Half 2
pouredRConcreteRampInclineHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Ramp Incline Half 2
concreteRampInclineHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Ramp Incline Half 2
pouredConcreteRampInclineHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Ramp Incline Half 2
cobblestoneRampInclineHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Ramp Incline Half 2
rwoodRampInclineHalf2,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Ramp Incline Half 2
steelRampInclineFillerHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Steel Ramp Incline Filler Half 1
rConcreteRampInclineFillerHalf1,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Ramp Incline Filler Half 1
pouredRConcreteRampInclineFillerHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Ramp Incline Filler Half 1
concreteRampInclineFillerHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Ramp Incline Filler Half 1
pouredConcreteRampInclineFillerHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Ramp Incline Filler Half 1
cobblestoneRampInclineFillerHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Ramp Incline Filler Half 1
rwoodRampInclineFillerHalf1,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Ramp Incline Filler Half 1
steelRampInclineFillerHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Steel Ramp Incline Filler Half 2
rConcreteRampInclineFillerHalf2,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Ramp Incline Filler Half 2
pouredRConcreteRampInclineFillerHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Ramp Incline Filler Half 2
concreteRampInclineFillerHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Ramp Incline Filler Half 2
pouredConcreteRampInclineFillerHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Ramp Incline Filler Half 2
cobblestoneRampInclineFillerHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Ramp Incline Filler Half 2
rwoodRampInclineFillerHalf2,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Ramp Incline Filler Half 2
steelInclineTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Steel Incline Tip Half 1
rConcreteInclineTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Incline Tip Half 1
pouredRConcreteInclineTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Incline Tip Half 1
concreteInclineTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Incline Tip Half 1
pouredConcreteInclineTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Incline Tip Half 1
cobblestoneInclineTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Incline Tip Half 1
rwoodInclineTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Incline Tip Half 1
steelInclineTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Steel Incline Tip Half 2
rConcreteInclineTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Incline Tip Half 2
pouredRConcreteInclineTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Incline Tip Half 2
concreteInclineTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Incline Tip Half 2
pouredConcreteInclineTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Incline Tip Half 2
cobblestoneInclineTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Incline Tip Half 2
rwoodInclineTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Incline Tip Half 2
steelGableInvertedSteepHalf,blocks,Block,,,Steel Gable Inverted Steep Half
rConcreteGableInvertedSteepHalf,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Gable Inverted Steep Half
pouredRConcreteGableInvertedSteepHalf,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Gable Inverted Steep Half
concreteGableInvertedSteepHalf,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Gable Inverted Steep Half
pouredConcreteGableInvertedSteepHalf,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Gable Inverted Steep Half
cobblestoneGableInvertedSteepHalf,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Gable Inverted Steep Half
rwoodGableInvertedSteepHalf,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Gable Inverted Steep Half
steelGable,blocks,Block,,,Steel Gable
rConcreteGable,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Gable
pouredRConcreteGable,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Gable
concreteGable,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Gable
pouredConcreteGable,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Gable
cobblestoneGable,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Gable
rwoodGable,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Gable
steelGable1m,blocks,Block,,,Steel Gable 1m
rConcreteGable1m,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Gable 1m
pouredRConcreteGable1m,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Gable 1m
pouredConcreteGable1m,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Gable 1m
cobblestoneGable1m,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Gable 1m
rwoodGable1m,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Gable 1m
steelGablehalf,blocks,Block,,,Steel Gable Half
rConcreteGablehalf,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Gable Half
pouredRConcreteGablehalf,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Gable Half
concreteGablehalf,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Gable Half
pouredConcreteGablehalf,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Gable Half
cobblestoneGablehalf,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Gable Half
rwoodGablehalf,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Gable Half
steelGablequarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,Steel Gable 1/4 Half
rConcreteGablequarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Gable 1/4 Half
pouredRConcreteGablequarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Gable 1/4 Half
concreteGablequarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Gable 1/4 Half
pouredConcreteGablequarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Gable 1/4 Half
cobblestoneGablequarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Gable 1/4 Half
rwoodGablequarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Gable 1/4 Half
steelGable1mhalf,blocks,Block,,,Steel Gable 1m Half
rConcreteGable1mhalf,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Gable 1m Half
pouredRConcreteGable1mhalf,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Gable 1m Half
concreteGable1mhalf,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Gable 1m Half
pouredConcreteGable1mhalf,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Gable 1m Half
cobblestoneGable1mhalf,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Gable 1m Half
rwoodGable1mhalf,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Gable 1m Half
steelGable3quarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,Steel Gable 3/4 Half
rConcreteGable3quarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Gable 3/4 Half
pouredRConcreteGable3quarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Gable 3/4 Half
concreteGable3quarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Gable 3/4 Half
pouredConcreteGable3quarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Gable 3/4 Half
cobblestoneGable3quarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Gable 3/4 Half
rwoodGable3quarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Gable 3/4 Half
steelGableInvertedRampHalf,blocks,Block,,,Steel Gable Inverted Ramp Half
rConcreteGableInvertedRampHalf,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Gable Inverted Ramp Half
pouredRConcreteGableInvertedRampHalf,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Gable Inverted Ramp Half
concreteGableInvertedRampHalf,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Gable Inverted Ramp Half
pouredConcreteGableInvertedRampHalf,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Gable Inverted Ramp Half
cobblestoneGableInvertedRampHalf,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Gable Inverted Ramp Half
rwoodGableInvertedRampHalf,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Gable Inverted Ramp Half
steelGable3Quarter,blocks,Block,,,Steel Gable 3/4
rConcreteGable3Quarter,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Gable 3/4
pouredRConcreteGable3Quarter,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Gable 3/4
concreteGable3Quarter,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Gable 3/4
pouredConcreteGable3Quarter,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Gable 3/4
cobblestoneGable3Quarter,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Gable 3/4
rwoodGable3Quarter,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Gable 3/4
steelGableInvertedQuarterHalf,blocks,Block,,,Steel Gable Inverted 1/4 Half
rConcreteGableInvertedQuarterHalf,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Gable Inverted 1/4 Half
pouredRConcreteGableInvertedQuarterHalf,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Gable Inverted 1/4 Half
concreteGableInvertedQuarterHalf,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Gable Inverted 1/4 Half
pouredConcreteGableInvertedQuarterHalf,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Gable Inverted 1/4 Half
cobblestoneGableInvertedQuarterHalf,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Gable Inverted 1/4 Half
rwoodGableInvertedQuarterHalf,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Gable Inverted 1/4 Half
steelGablePyramid,blocks,Block,,,Steel Gable Pyramid
rConcreteGablePyramid,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Gable Pyramid
pouredRConcreteGablePyramid,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Gable Pyramid
concreteGablePyramid,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Gable Pyramid
pouredConcreteGablePyramid,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Gable Pyramid
cobblestoneGablePyramid,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Gable Pyramid
rwoodGablePyramid,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Gable Pyramid
steelFloorJoist,blocks,Block,,,Steel Floor Joist
rConcreteFloorJoist,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Floor Joist
pouredRConcreteFloorJoist,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Floor Joist
concreteFloorJoist,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Floor Joist
pouredConcreteFloorJoist,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Floor Joist
cobblestoneFloorJoist,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Floor Joist
rwoodFloorJoist,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Floor Joist
steelWindowTrim,blocks,Block,,,Steel Window Trim
rConcreteWindowTrim,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Window Trim
pouredRConcreteWindowTrim,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Window Trim
concreteWindowTrim,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Window Trim
pouredConcreteWindowTrim,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Window Trim
cobblestoneWindowTrim,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Window Trim
rwoodWindowTrim,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Window Trim
steelWindowTrimBottom,blocks,Block,,,Steel Window Trim Bottom
rConcreteWindowTrimBottom,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Window Trim Bottom
pouredRConcreteWindowTrimBottom,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Window Trim Bottom
concreteWindowTrimBottom,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Window Trim Bottom
pouredConcreteWindowTrimBottom,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Window Trim Bottom
cobblestoneWindowTrimBottom,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Window Trim Bottom
rwoodWindowTrimBottom,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Window Trim Bottom
steelWindowTrimTop,blocks,Block,,,Steel Window Trim Top
rConcreteWindowTrimTop,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Window Trim Top
pouredRConcreteWindowTrimTop,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Window Trim Top
concreteWindowTrimTop,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Window Trim Top
pouredConcreteWindowTrimTop,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Window Trim Top
cobblestoneWindowTrimTop,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Window Trim Top
rwoodWindowTrimTop,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Window Trim Top
steelWindowTrimSides,blocks,Block,,,Steel Window Trim Sides
rConcreteWindowTrimSides,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Window Trim Sides
pouredRConcreteWindowTrimSides,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Window Trim Sides
concreteWindowTrimSides,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Window Trim Sides
pouredConcreteWindowTrimSides,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Window Trim Sides
cobblestoneWindowTrimSides,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Window Trim Sides
rwoodWindowTrimSides,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Window Trim Sides
steelWindowTrimTopFancy,blocks,Block,,,Steel Window Trim Top Fancy
rConcreteWindowTrimTopFancy,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Window Trim Top Fancy
pouredRConcreteWindowTrimTopFancy,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Window Trim Top Fancy
concreteWindowTrimTopFancy,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Window Trim Top Fancy
pouredConcreteWindowTrimTopFancy,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Window Trim Top Fancy
cobblestoneWindowTrimTopFancy,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Window Trim Top Fancy
rwoodWindowTrimTopFancy,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Window Trim Top Fancy
steelCrown,blocks,Block,,,Steel Crown
rConcreteCrown,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Crown
pouredRConcreteCrown,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Crown
concreteCrown,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Crown
pouredConcreteCrown,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Crown
cobblestoneCrown,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Crown
rwoodCrown,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Crown
steelCrownInsideCorner,blocks,Block,,,Steel Crown
rConcreteCrownInsideCorner,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Crown Inside Corner
pouredRConcreteCrownInsideCorner,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Crown Inside Corner
concreteCrownInsideCorner,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Crown Inside Corner
pouredConcreteCrownInsideCorner,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Crown Inside Corner
cobblestoneCrownInsideCorner,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Crown Inside Corner
rwoodCrownInsideCorner,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Crown Inside Corner
steelCTRQuarter,blocks,Block,,,Steel Quarter Center
rConcreteCTRQuarter,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Quarter Center
pouredRConcreteCTRQuarter,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Quarter Center
pouredConcreteCTRQuarter,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Quarter Center
cobblestoneCTRQuarter,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Quarter Center
rwoodCTRQuarter,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Quarter Center
cobblestoneQuarter,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Quarter Center
rwoodQuarter,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Quarter Center
steelCTRQuarterSquareTop,blocks,Block,,,Steel Quarter Center Square Top
rConcreteCTRQuarterSquareTop,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Quarter Center Square Top
pouredRConcreteCTRQuarterSquareTop,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Quarter Center Square Top
ConcreteCTRQuarterSquareTop,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Quarter Center Square Top
pouredConcreteCTRQuarterSquareTop,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Quarter Center Square Top
cobblestoneCTRQuarterSquareTop,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Quarter Center Square Top
rwoodCTRQuarterSquareTop,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Quarter Center Square Top
steelPillar50CNR,blocks,Block,,,Steel Pillar 50 Corner
rConcretePillar50CNR,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Pillar 50 Corner
pouredRConcretePillar50CNR,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Pillar 50 Corner
ConcretePillar50CNR,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Pillar 50 Corner
pouredConcretePillar50CNR,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Pillar 50 Corner
cobblestonePillar50CNR,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Pillar 50 Corner
rwoodPillar50CNR,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Pillar 50 Corner
steelPillar50CNRPlate,blocks,Block,,,Steel Pillar 50 Corner Plate
rConcretePillar50CNRPlate,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Pillar 50 Corner Plate
pouredRConcretePillar50CNRPlate,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Pillar 50 Corner Plate
ConcretePillar50CNRPlate,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Pillar 50 Corner Plate
pouredConcretePillar50CNRPlate,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Pillar 50 Corner Plate
cobblestonePillar50CNRPlate,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Pillar 50 Corner Plate
rwoodPillar50CNRPlate,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Pillar 50 Corner Plate
steelPillar50SquareTop,blocks,Block,,,Steel Pillar 50 Square Top
rConcretePillar50SquareTop,blocks,Block,,,R Concrete Pillar 50 Square Top
pouredRConcretePillar50SquareTop,blocks,Block,,,Wet R Concrete Pillar 50 Square Top
ConcretePillar50SquareTop,blocks,Block,,,Concrete Pillar 50 Square Top
pouredConcretePillar50SquareTop,blocks,Block,,,Wet Concrete Pillar 50 Square Top
cobblestonePillar50SquareTop,blocks,Block,,,Cobblestone Pillar 50 Square Top
rwoodPillar50SquareTop,blocks,Block,,,R Wood Pillar 50 Square Top
rScrapIronGableInvertedSteepHalf,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Gable Inverted Steep Half
scrapIronGableInvertedSteepHalf,blocks,Block,,,Iron Gable Inverted Steep Half
rScrapIronWedgeTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Wedge Tip Half 1
scrapIronWedgeTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Iron Wedge Tip Half 1
rScrapIronWedgeTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Wedge Tip Half 2
scrapIronWedgeTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Iron Wedge Tip Half 2
rScrapIronRampInclineHalf1,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Ramp Incline Half 1
scrapIronRampInclineHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Iron Ramp Incline Half 1
rScrapIronRampInclineHalf2,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Ramp Incline Half 2
scrapIronRampInclineHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Iron Ramp Incline Half 2
rScrapIronRampInclineFillerHalf1,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Ramp Incline Filler Half 1
scrapIronRampInclineFillerHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Iron Ramp Incline Filler Half 1
rScrapIronRampInclineFillerHalf2,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Ramp Incline Filler Half 2
scrapIronRampInclineFillerHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Iron Ramp Incline Filler Half 2
rScrapIronInclineTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Incline Tip Half 1
scrapIronInclineTipHalf1,blocks,Block,,,Iron Incline Tip Half 1
rScrapIronInclineTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Incline Tip Half 2
scrapIronInclineTipHalf2,blocks,Block,,,Iron Incline Tip Half 2
rScrapIronGableInvertedSteepHalf,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Gable Inverted Steep Half
scrapIronGableInvertedSteepHalf,blocks,Block,,,Iron Gable Inverted Steep Half
rScrapIronGable,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Gable
scrapIronGable,blocks,Block,,,Iron Gable
rScrapIronGable1m,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Gable 1m
scrapIronGable1m,blocks,Block,,,Iron Gable 1m
rScrapIronGableHalf,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Gable Half
scrapIronGableHalf,blocks,Block,,,Iron Gable Half
rScrapIronGablequarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Gable 1/4 Half
scrapIronGablequarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,Iron Gable 1/4 Half
rScrapIronGable1mHalf,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Gable 1m Half
scrapIronGable1mHalf,blocks,Block,,,Iron Gable 1m Half
rScrapIronGable3quarterhalf,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Gable 3/4 Half
scrapIronGable3quarterHalf,blocks,Block,,,Iron Gable 3/4 Half
rScrapIronGableInvertedRampHalf,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Gable Inverted Ramp Half
scrapIronGableInvertedRampHalf,blocks,Block,,,Iron Gable Inverted Ramp Half
rScrapIronGableInvertedQuarterHalf,blocks,Block,,,R Iron Gable Inverted 1/4 Half
scrapIronGableInvertedQuarterHalf,blocks,Block,,,Iron Gable Inverted 1/4 Half
ammoBundle44MagnumBulletAP,items,Ammo,,,AP .44 Magnum Ammo (Box of 100)
ammoBundle44MagnumBulletBall,items,Ammo,,,.44 Magnum Ammo (Box of 100)
ammoBundle44MagnumBulletHP,items,Ammo,,,HP .44 Magnum Ammo (Box of 100)
ammoBundle762mmBulletAP,items,Ammo,,,AP 7.62mm Ammo (Box of 100)
ammoBundle762mmBulletBall,items,Ammo,,,7.62mm Ammo (Box of 100)
ammoBundle762mmBulletHP,items,Ammo,,,HP 7.62mm Ammo (Box of 100)
ammoBundle9mmBulletAP,items,Ammo,,,AP 9mm Ammo (Box of 100)
ammoBundle9mmBulletBall,items,Ammo,,,9mm Ammo (Box of 100)
ammoBundle9mmBulletHP,items,Ammo,,,HP 9mm Ammo (Box of 100)
ammoBundleArrowExploding,items,Ammo,,,Exploding Arrows (Box of 75)
ammoBundleArrowFlaming,items,Ammo,,,Flaming Arrows (Box of 100)
ammoBundleArrowIron,items,Ammo,,,Iron Arrows (Box of 100)
ammoBundleArrowSteelAP,items,Ammo,,,Steel Arrows (Box of 100)
ammoBundleArrowStone,items,Ammo,,,Stone Arrows (Box of 100)
ammoBundleBlunderbuss,items,Ammo,,,Blunderbuss Ammo (Box of 100)
ammoBundleCrossbowBoltExploding,items,Ammo,,,Exploding Crossbow Bolts (Box of 75)
ammoBundleCrossbowBoltFlaming,items,Ammo,,,Flaming Crossbow Bolts (Box of 100)
ammoBundleCrossbowBoltIron,items,Ammo,,,Iron Crossbow Bolts (Box of 100)
ammoBundleCrossbowBoltSteelAP,items,Ammo,,,Steel Crossbow Bolts (Box of 100)
ammoBundleCrossbowBoltStone,items,Ammo,,,Stone Crossbow Bolts (Box of 100)
ammoBundleShotgunBreachingSlug,items,Ammo,,,Shotgun Breaching Slugs (Box of 100)
ammoBundleShotgunShell,items,Ammo,,,Shotgun Shells (Box of 100)
ammoBundleShotgunSlug,items,Ammo,,,Shotgun AP Slugs (Box of 100)
resourceClayLumpBundle,items,Item,,,Clay Soil (Stack of 6000)
resourceClayLumpBundleDesc,items,Item,,,This is a compact stack of clay soil. Use this item to open and unpack it.
